pIC50 is the negative base-10 logarithm of IC50 (in molar units), the concentration of ligand required to inhibit the enzyme response by half. For example, an IC50 of 1 μM is 1 x10^-6 M,  equal to a pIC50 of 6. The higher the pIC50, the more potent the inhibitor; pIC50 typically ranges from 2 (very weak inhibitors) to 12 (very potent inhibitors).
Describes how fast a compound is metabolised and eliminated from the mouse body, indicating the metabolic stability of the compound (the lower the better, i.e. the compound remains in the body longer).
Describes how fast a compound is metabolised and eliminated from the human body. It indicates metabolic stability and can be used to determine the rate of administration required to maintain a stable drug concentration (an ideal value would be low). It is important to cross-check with another species. NB: The clearance data used is measured in microsomes. 
logD is the distribution coefficient. Here, since the compound is an acid, it is likely to be negatively charged at neutral pH, so the logD is calculated as an indicator of liphophilicity. It's often determined by measuring the partition of a compound between an organic solvent and an aqueous buffer. High logD values (> 2) correspond with poor aqueous solubility.
The Parallel Artificial Membrane Permeability Assay (PAMPA) provides an in vitro measure of passive, transcellular permeability of a compound. The higher the PAMPA value, the greater the permeation, and the more desirable the compound's profile.
This function indicates whether a compound has passed or failed each Lipinski "Rule" of Five test. A compound is less likely to become orally active if it violates more than one of these guidelines.The descriptors are those defined on the 'Build' page, but here describe parameters of the whole compound (not individual R groups).
Run the selected assays.
The Lipinski "Rule" of Five defines property boundaries for the number of hydrogen bond donors and acceptors, the molecular weight, and logP (P is the octanol-water partition coefficient). These are guidelines which suggest that orally active drugs should not violate more than one of these criteria: no. H-bond donors ≤ 5, no. H-bond acceptors ≤ 10, MW ≤ 500 Da, logP ≤ 5. This rule has several exceptions however compounds that follow these guidelines tend to have favourable "physicochemical properties" such as  "oral absorption" . These values (as well as the descriptors) provide quantitative measures of absorption, distribution, metabolism, excretion, and toxicity (ADMET or AMDE-Tox); all of which are important properties for a succesful drug.
These values (as well as the descriptors) provide quantitative measures of absorption, distribution, metabolism, excretion, and toxicity (ADMET or AMDE-Tox); all of which are important properties for a succesful drug.
To get more information on the properties of each potential lead compound, run assays on them. Select the assays you want to run for each compound and then click the 'Run Assays' button. You can go back, design more compounds, and continue to run assays. But be careful to not exceed the time and cost limits! To learn more about each assay, turn this button on and hover over the assay names